>> Sarah Drasner: Okay, great so we
actually took an SVG and we made it move.
In the time of the break we
got a couple of questions so
I am gonna address those now.
One of the questions was, whether or
not there was any open source
software that's free to use.
I was using Illustrator before and
I mentioned SketchBook
both of them you pay for.
There is a thing called Inkscape.
Inkscape is free and
it's actually really good, and
it actually has really
good export settings.
There's some fancy bells and whistles it
doesn't have as you would expect between
paid products and
things that are not paid.
And I think there's less support,
of course,
than something that you use from Adobe or
something like that.
But if you don't wanna pay for
an SVG editor,
Inkscape is a really good way to go.
Another question that we got was, where
you might get ideas for an animation.
How do you start,
what's even causing that?
I think that the first and
foremost looking at the world around
you is always really helpful, like it's
watching someone walking to the street or
like a bus move or things like that.
You can start with stuff that you're
actually seeing in real life.
With that dev avocado,
you noticed that I worked off as a GIF.
That's totally cool too,
I just looked on GIPHY.
For cool little animations that were
done before by somebody else and
I'm like as an exercise copying them or
maybe adding some of my own motion.
Of course, if I do that,
I always credit the thing that I did.
So in the codepen there's
a details section and
in the details section you would
say I got this from Dribble,
I got this from GIPHY and giving
credit to thing that you're copying.
Another thing that I think is really fun,
I don't know if any of you
are on Facebook Messager, but
they have these like really funny stickers
that are moving around and goofy.
Most of them are pretty good,
could fodder for SVG animations.
I mean,
even if you don't use them directly,
just looking through some
of the stickers on there.
Most of them look like SVG animations,
like looking at these weird
rabbits showing you their armpits.
Or I don't know, something like that.
Maybe if you look at enough of those you
can start to get idea for your own stuff.
Another thing that you can do is look
at Free Pick and iStock Photo and some
of these sources for an SVG and sometimes
looking at the SVG will give you an idea.
So you might see a potted plant with
instead of vines it has flowers,
it has a house behind it.
That stuff kinda calls to
be in motion sometimes.
There's some critters on there that
you're like, hey, that one should move.
You could totally do that,
you can move stuff around.
So you don't have to start with an
animation or a SVG that you drew either.
You could actually just
take an existing animation.
Definitely optimize those cuz they're not
usually well optimized for SVG animations.